Add farm spec (#181)
irisnet/irismod: modules/farm/spec/01_state.md

<!--
order: 1
-->

# State

## Params

`Params` defines the parameters that the farm module can manage through the `gov` module.

```go
type Params struct {
    CreatePoolFee      sdk.Coin 

>     MaxRewardCategoryN uint32                                  

Reviewer: I think `MaxRewardCategories` is clear enough.

Author: will update in next PR

```go
type FarmPool struct {
    Name                   string                                  
    Creator                string                                  
    Description            string                                  
    StartHeight            uint64                                  
    EndHeight              uint64                                  
    LastHeightDistrRewards uint64                                  
    Destructible           bool                                    
    TotalLpTokenLocked     sdk.Coin 
    Rules                  []RewardRule                            
}

type RewardRule struct {
    Reward          string
    TotalReward     sdk.Int
    RemainingReward sdk.Int
    RewardPerBlock  sdk.Int
    RewardPerShare  sdk.Dec
}
```

- `Name`: the name of the farm pool, globally unique.
- `Creator`: the creator of farm pool, but also the provider of rewards and fees.
- `Description`: detailed description of farm pool.
- `StartHeight`: the starting height of the farm pool activity, but the user's reward is not calculated from this height, but calculated from the moment the user staking.

> - `EndHeight`: the end height of the farm pool activity. After this height, users can no longer perform mortgage transactions, and the income ends after this height. The activity will be removed from the active farm pool pool. If there are remaining bonuses, the creator of the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EndHeight`: the end height of the farm pool activity. After this height, users can no longer perform mortgage transactions, and the income ends after this height. The activity will be removed from the active farm pool. If there are remaining bonuses, will be refunded to the creator of the pool.
```

- `LastHeightDistrRewards`: `LastHeightDistrRewards` records the height of the pool that triggered the reward distribution last time. When the reward distribution is triggered next time, it will use `LastHeightDistrRewards` as the starting height and the current height as the ending height. The total rewards generated during this time period are calculated.
- `Destructible`: whether the farm pool can be actively destroyed by the creator, after the farm pool is destroyed, the profit calculation ends, and the remaining money is returned to the creator.
- `TotalLpTokenLocked`: the farm pool accepts collateralized token denom, and the denom rules can be set by the users of moudle.

## RewardRule

> `RewardRule` defines the rules for the pool to issue rewards and the remaining bonuses of the current pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RewardRule` defines the rules for the pool to distribute rewards and records the remaining bonuses of the current pool.
```

```go
type RewardRule struct {
    Reward          string
    TotalReward     sdk.Int
    RemainingReward sdk.Int
    RewardPerBlock  sdk.Int
    RewardPerShare  sdk.Dec
}
```

- `Reward`: types of rewards issued.

> - `TotalReward`: total amount of rewards issued.

Reviewer: seems `distribute` is more appropriate
